# 🎩Bernard Presents The Housing Data

> _[🎩Bernard (the head elf) presenting data to 🎅Santa showing how much harder it is for the Reindeer to make a living with their wages not changing since 2009 at the same time as housing prices rising dramatically AND high inflation over that period.]_
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ FAKE DATA!! THIS IS FAKE DATA!!!!! A FAKE DATA WITCH HUNT!!!
>
> _[🎩Bernard]_ Oh, sure, 🎅Santa, I spent all night cooking the books just to screw over a guy who still thinks Excel is a type of sleigh polish.
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ I've been around the block a few times, 🎩Bernard. I know the trick you're pulling here. We're a seasonal business. You only gave me numbers for Q1 of every year. But that's when our economy is always depressed after the height of the holiday season!
>
> _[🎩Bernard]_ I can't believe they let you run this place... 🎅Santa.. 🎅SANTA!!... We maintain a huge budgetary deficit that literally only ever seems to get larger and larger. These numbers are not affected by the seasonality of our business.
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ I want to be able to give quarterly numbers. And since 1975.
>
> _[🎩Bernard]_ This is the last time I'm doing this for you. You're going to need to face the music.. and pretty soon!

When 🎅Santa uses this function, sometimes he'll want to pass a number, like survivalRatio(2009) and if he wants a specific quarter he'll pass survivalRatio('2009 Q2'). Our function needs to be able to handle both of these data types, not just numbers.

<details>
  <summary>Hint</summary>

When you hear words like "both" you should start thinking about a TypeScript feature called _type unions_. This special TypeScript syntax allows you to tell TypeScript that a variable might be one of multiple different data types, in this case `number` and `string`.

</details>
