# Excuses, Excuses

> _[Last night, while the reindeer plotted on how to leverage 💋Crystal Claus with their knowledge of her affair with 🪩Jamie Glitterglum, 💋Crystal and 🪩Jamie met up in a panic. Today, 🎅Santa is beginning to suspect something]_
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ Dear.. Where were you last night?
>
> _[💋Crystal, turning bright red in embarrassment]_ Oh. Uh, I was out doing karaoke with some friends. Kendrick Lamar and Opeth both released albums on the same day last month, so we've been learning all the songs to both. _[coughing nervously]_ Oh _[cough]_ and also we were trying out a new drink one of the elves came up with. It's a bit like a mojito but instead of mint it's.. well it's a whole thing. Then we also
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ You seem nervous.
>
> _[💋Crystal, sweating]_ Oh, no, not at all! Not at all! It's just so hard to remember, you can understand!
>
> _[Later that night 💋Crystal and 🪩Jamie met again.]_
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ We're in BIG trouble. What are we gonna do!!? We need a new excuse, and we need to add something to it. But... what??
>
> _[🪩Jamie]_ Talk to him again, but this time be ready to add to your excuse! Just bury him in details. 🎅Santa tunes out if you say anything longer than two sentences about non-cookie-related topics. Think of a few different excuses, just in case.

We already have a `Excuse` that 💋Crystal provided 🎅Santa, but now we need to _extend_ it in some way. We need it to be general-purpose, so 💋Crystal can try a few different ideas out.

<details>
  <summary>Huge Hint</summary>

How do you create a "newable" object in JavaScript (i.e. one that you use the `new` keyword with)? How do you provide TypeScript types to such a thing?

</details>
