# Magic Curry Mind Control Inception

> _[The reindeer have made it clear: they will expose 💋Crystal Claus for her affair with 🪩Jamie Glittergum to 🎅Santa if 💋Crystal can't convince 🎅Santa how to give the reindeer a raise.]_
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ Across the whole internet, all I see is adult children! WHAT'S IT GOING TO TAKE TO GET PIPELINE OPERATORS INTO THIS FORSAKEN LANGUAGE!?!
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ Dear, stop reading the Node.JS release notes. The TC-39 is gonna keep pipeline operators at stage 2 for the next 100 years at this point. Come. Have some some dinner. I've made curry.
>
> _[The two eat dinner together, but 🎅Santa starts to feel a little strange..]_
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ Are you feeling alright, Dear?
>
> _[🎅Santa]_ No, in fact.. I'm not. I'm feeling a bit fuzzy.
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ That's great to hear.
>
> _[🎅Santa, eyelids getting heavy]_ What?
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ I had a friend of mine, 🪩Jamie Glitterglum, brew a magic memory implanting glitter potion. This will all be over soon, Dear.
>
> _[🎅Santa, fading]_ How could you... do... that...
>
> _[💋Crystal]_ You'll fall asleep, and then I'm going to have a little talk with your subconscious mind. Christopher Nolan can't hold a candle to what 🪩Jamie can do.

Well that took a dark turn. You're an accessory to the crime, now. Congrats. Now _you_ have no choice but to help 💋Crystal with the coverup.

The `originalCurry` had to have some special ingredients added to it, but 💋Crystal couldn't be sure if 🎅Santa would see her cooking. So, to avoid raising suspicion, she had to find a way to be able to add the ingredients at different times.

<details>
  <summary>Hint</summary>

This is a process called "currying". Also known as "partial application". To accomplish this challenge, it's first good to get familiar with how to separate function arguments in TypeScript. Check out the `Parameters` builtin utility type to see how you might get started.

</details>
